Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. -Arthur Schopenhauer
Truth and clarity are complementary. -Niels Bohr
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength do endure a difficult one. -Bruce Lee
It’s better to die on your feet than to live on your knees. — Emiliano Zapata
Don't wish it was easier, wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems, wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenges, wish for more wisdom. -Jim Rohn
Control your anger because it is just one letter away from danger.
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears. -Michel de Montaigne
Two percent of the people think, three percent of the people think they think. And ninety-five percent of the people would rather die than think. -George Bernard Shaw
Most of the problems in life are because of two reasons: we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity.
The quieter you become, the more you can hear. -Ram Dass
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. -C.S. Lewis
The one who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. Those who walk alone are likely to find themselves in places no one has ever been before. -Albert Einstein
We're all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
You say I dream too big. I say you think too small.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I don't like that man. I must get to know him better. -Abraham Lincoln
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself. -Rumi
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Smith/Dave Ramsey.
Learn from everyone, follow no one, watch for patterns, work like hell. -Scott McCloud
The fiercest revenge happens when your enemy is forced to admit that you're the good guy and he's the bad one
Forgiveness is giving up all hope of a better past. -Jack Kornfield
No one can see their reflection in running water. It is only in still water that we can see.
They asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. -John Lennon
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. —Pablo Picasso
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.  ―Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. ―Albert Einstein
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. ―Oscar Wilde
Good judgment comes from experience, but experience comes from bad judgment.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -Thomas A. Edison
I asked why doesn't someone do something about it? Then I realized I was someone.
Dreams are not what you see in sleep. They are the things that do not let you sleep.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. -William Wallace
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day. -E. B. White
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. -Bruce Lee
Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it. -Irving Berlin
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. -Josh Billings
It is not length of life, but depth of life. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less. -C. S. Lewis
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid. -Albert Einstein
Honesty is a very expensive gift. Do not expect it from cheap people. -Warren Buffet
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. -Warren Buffett
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. -Warren Buffett
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing. -Warren Buffett
The first rule is not to lose. The second rule is not to forget the first rule. -Warren Buffett
Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre. -Warren Buffett
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get. -Warren Buffett
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous. -Albert Einstein
You miss 100% of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it. -Jordan Belfort
My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso. -Pablo Picasso
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. -Babe Ruth
